Okay, Yeah.
I think my mom was more afraid because at that time I didn't
I didn't know the fear of cancer. I was so far removed.
Age wise, because I was only 17.
So I didn't quite understand, so.
It was my mom doing yeah more. So I think.
That's it like where I felt like okay
It will make my mom happy if I go to church. It was for my mom.
Yeah, when I went back to church. Yeah, and then...
So even like getting baptized, like, oh.
I was gonna go to new jersey you know for so it would make my
Dad and mom feel comfort
if I accept Christ, so
It was more like I was doing it to please my parents, you know, yeah.
Um And I did grow up.
meanwhile Christo and I knew all the stories and I
By that time I was like not fighting it anymore.
Yeah, and then
Of course I went to college. In the first year I'd fall away.
***Oh, you know it's too far and then
After that like, my mom was like, no, you need to go to church.
And so um she hooked me up with like a local church.
in New Jersey like she found someone and then they came and picked me up and I started
Like, okay, mom's doing all this. But I I made good friends there, so
Sunday I was like going
to church to hang out with my friends more than.
Hearing the words, it was like, yeah, I get to see my friends.
But I think that was God's way, like, oh like, okay
ch I Yeah. Yeah.
At that time, he was like, okay, the baby steps.
huh, And then...um
So I, I you know, went to church.
continue going to church. I graduated from college.
And then, um after graduating, I started
working but I worked in um
Silicon Valley. I was in an electronics like
trading firm, a Japanese trading firm and
haa, That's where I found depression.
Major depression because...
I felt so inadequate, like I was fresh out of college.
and then thrown into the business world.
i was like what am i supposed to do like i felt like
So, I felt like a baby.
I knew I was getting a nice salary, but I knew I was not.
competent, I didn't deserve like
I didn't deserve to be there and so I think I
fell into major depression
He remember, and
Still, I didn't really ask the Lord to help me.
like and so I I really fell into severe depression.
where I was suicidal.
um I would dry cold because I hate it so cold.
Thatway So on Friday night after work.
I would get out of my car and drive home to LA.
And then Sunday I'll go to service.
And then drive back home but
I'm I'm dreading the drive home to San Francisco.
Silicon Valley and so you know
That continued um for a while and then I...
remember one day I was just...drive like
trying to drive on to oncoming traffic
Like I just found myself in it, heyy..
But I think really like looking back,
God was like calling out to me like
Okay and then the car next to me started like...
You could tell they were going crazy because their car ***
And that kind of made me snap out, and I'm like, what the heck am I doing?
Like, what is going on? and then I, like
At that point, I realize, okay, no, it's not normal.
I'm not normal and  It was a wake-up call.
And I finally went to my dad and I really, really.
I can't do this. I hate everything about it.
And that's when my dad like said, you know what?
It's okay to quit. If you don't like it, just quit.
And I felt...
like A huge relief.
When my dad told me I can quit.
But he said, but there's one condition. He goes, I will take you back.
You can come back home, but there's...
It's on one condition is um
You can't come back until you find your next dream.
And you can't quit until you find
your next goal and path for your life.
You're not going to just quit and come back and sit around doing nothing.
So until you find something.
You need to make a living uhh
heyy And so I'm like, huhuh
hey It was the it was one of the best things.
ch um and then that's where I seriously started thinking.
And I think in a sense, I didn't...
understand what it was to pray pray about it, but I think...